docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/expanding-search.md

# Expanding search

<!-- introduction start -->

> Expanding searches are search fields that expand on click to save space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanding searches are search fields that expand when clicked to save space.
```
